# Assignment 1 fo amazon web services from book Churcher book and e Wünschier book
 Question 1 [15 points] This question is based on the Wünschier book.
 (a). (2 points) Create a tab-separated file in your AWS instance that contains all the data from the ‘expression’ table. Your file should look like the following gene expr_value alr1207 8303 alr2938 10323 alr3395 1432 alr3556 8043 alr4392 729 alr4851 633 alr5000 5732 Explain how you created this file on your Linux command lines in the AWS instance. Put your file on Github so it can be checked. (b). (2 points) Create a tab-separated file in your AWS instance that contains all the data from ‘annotation’ table. Explain how you created this file on your Linux command lines in the AWS instance. Put your file on Github so it can be checked. (c). (5 points) Using the join command in the Linux shell (not MySQL) on your AWS instance, perform the following computation. πgene,function_1,expr_value,metabolism(annotation ./gene=gene expression) Put your Linux command on Github so it can be checked. (d). (6 points) Consider the problem of listing all duplicate metabolisms in the annotation table using SQL. i. (3 points) Give the relational algebra for this query. ii. (3 points) Based on your relational algebra above, give MySQL code to implement this query. (Put your code on Github so it can be checked.) 1Question 2 [30 points] This question is based on the Churcher book. (a). Consider the problem of listing all members (last names, first names, then memberID) who don’t have a coach. i. (2 points) Give the relational algebra for this query. ii. (2 points) Give the relational calculus for this query. iii. (2 points) Give the MySQL code for this query. (Put your code on GitHub so it can be checked.) (b). Consider the problem of listing all members (last names, first names, then memberID) who joined during the 2013 calendar year. i. (2 points) Give the relational algebra for this query. ii. (2 points) Give the relational calculus for this query. iii. (2 points) Give MySQL code for this query. (Put your code on Github so it can be checked.) (c). Consider the problem of finding the member names and IDs of those who didn’t compete in any tournaments in 2013, but have competed in other years i. (3 points) Give the relational algebra for this query. ii. (3 points) Give the relational calculus for this query. {m.MemberID, m.LastName, m.FirstName|Member(m), Entry(e) and m.MemberID=e.MemberIDand = Entry(y) and y.Year=2013} iii. (3 points) Give MySQL code for this query. (Put your code on GitHub so it can be checked.) (d). Consider the problem of finding the member names and IDs of those who have competed in every year that club members have competed. 2i. (4 points) Give the relational calculus for this query. ii. (5 points) Give MySQL code for this query. (Put your code on GitHub so it can be checked.) End of assignment 1 Task 3 The submission deadline for Task 3 of Assignment 1 is 12pm noon on April 16, 2021. You need to submit your solutions (in one .pdf file) to the link on iLearn prior to this time. Your solutions may be typed or handwritten and scanned. You must show all your working in your solutions for full marks. Refer to iLearn for further submission details. Please note that uploading a file can take up to 15 minutes. You need to submit your file at least 20 minutes before the deadline to ensure a successful submission. Place your code on GitHub so it can be checked. Include its location (the URL of the repository it’s in, and the file names, so all bits and pieces can be identified and re-assembled by a total stranger in minimal time) in your written document so it can be found.
